MAINLANDS 7 DISCUSSION GROUP FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Last Updated: 2015-03-01

This file contains a list of frequently asked questions related to the Mainlands 7 discussion group.  This file is updated when necessary and mailed to all group members on a regular basis.

Please mail corrections and suggestions to mainlands7-owner@yahoogroups.com.

----------

Q: What are the requirements to join the mainlands7 discussion group?

A: Membership in the mainlands7 discussion group is restricted to owners and residents of The Mainlands of Tamarac Lakes Seventh Section located in Tamarac, Florida.  Members are required to provide the street address of the property they own or reside in within Mainlands 7 to the group owner (mainlands7-owner@yahoogroups.com).  If this information is not received within 14 days of initial membership approval, the member will be removed from the group.  Such a member may re-join the group in the future if they provide their street address at the time of registration.

   We respect your privacy and will not disclose this information to anyone except the group moderators.  If you still have privacy concerns, please contact the group owner (mainlands7-owner@yahoogroups.com) to discuss potential alternatives.

----------

Q: What topics can I discuss in the group?

A: In general, there are no restricted topics.  However, we ask that any topic you do discuss have some relevance to life in Mainlands 7.  Your neighbors would appreciate not being spammed with discussions that would be more appropriate for a private e-mail exchange or one of the many thousands of other newsgroups available on the Internet.  If one of the group moderators requests that a discussion move off-line, please honor their request.

   The following are examples of topics that are perfectly acceptable for this group:

    1. Actions of the City of Tamarac.
    2. Actions of the Mainlands 7 Board of Directors.
    3. Asking for home improvement and repair advice.
    4. Asking for a contractor/real estate agent/tutor/etc. recommendation.
    5. Advertising an upcoming garage sale in the neighborhood.

   Ultimately, use your best judgment when determining the relevancy of a new topic you bring up for discussion.

----------

Q: What are the rules of etiquette I should observe when posting a message?

A: Please observe the following rules of etiquette when posting a message:

    1. Please refrain from using profanity and other insulting language in your posts.
    2. When responding to a post, make sure to quote only what is required.
    3. When quoting, please remove the two pages of ads that appear from various web-based e-mail clients.
    4. If a post begins to move off of its original topic, please give it a new subject.

----------

Q: Can I include attachments when I post a message?

A: Yes.  Currently, attachments are enabled for all group messages.  However, we ask that you limit the total size of your message to 1 MiB or less in deference to those members who may be using a slower connection.  If you have a large file you would like to share with the group, you may submit it to one of the group moderators for placement in the Files area of the group.

----------
